HELP (with Version 1.0)

Using the Software:
	
Basic User:
    Available Functions: 
        > Select Machines (select machines that the user will use during a given sign in period)
            - From the home screen: In the section titled "My Machines", select the machines that are going to be used during
              the sign in session. Once chosen, click the button "Select Machines" in the right hand button panel. A message will
              display providing a list of machines selected. A machine cannot be unselected once the "Select Machines" button has
              been clicked.
            - If at any point you do not see the "My Machines" section but wish to select machines either click "Select Machines"
              or the home button in the top left hand corner. Once back to the user home screen, follow the instructions above.
                                
        > Checkout Tools (check out a tool, meaning the user is leaving the machine shop with the tool)
            - Click the "Check Out Tools" button in the right hand side button panel. Either search by name or search by ID,
              and click "Go" respectively. From the results, select the tool(s) you wish to check out and click "Check Out". 
              Follow Machine Shop procedures for finding the tools you selected. 
																											  
        > Return Tools (return a tool that was previously checked out, it must be physically returned to the machine shop)
            - From the home screen: In the section titled "Checked Out Tools", select the tools that are going to be returned during
              the sign in session. Once chosen, click the button "Return Tools" in the right hand button panel. 
              The tool(s) will be removed from the checked out tools list and cannot be "un-returned" once the "Return Tools" button 
              has been clicked.
            - If at any point you do not see the "Checked Out Tools" section but wish to return tools either click "Return Tools"
              or the home button in the top left hand corner. Once back to the user home screen, follow the instructions above.
								   
        > Start Working (keeps a user signed in, assuming he/she is still in the machine shop)
            - Click this button if you are done using the sign in machine but are not signing out. This means you are NOT leaving
              the machine shop.
								  
        > Sign Out (signs a user out, meaning the user has finished using the machine shop for the time being and he/she is leaving)
            - Click this button if you are completely done using the sign in machine as well as the machine shop. This means you
              ARE leaving the machine shop for the time being. 